yo sup guys is Big John bringing you
another Argos little silver box opening
not the highest selling cards I would
say like the primes are don't sell for
that much but oh well I'm still going to
open one see what I can get out of it
maybe bunch of Legends alright so let's
get started what you look at the rare
and reverse its insider to have like a
bunch of videos on this I don't know how
many box openings i've done Go Fish
reverse Feraligatr rare all these cards
will be for sale okay so pee on me
whatever you got to do Fred reverse
chuckle rare I really like the artwork
on this one here very cool Oh blissey
not a business all very well but if you
want to buy a blizzy let me know Oh
wheezing oh wow three uncommons whoops
let's take this guy out
what Wobbuffet rare reverse unknown it's
probably even time yes I'll be right
there yeah that's even time so corsola a
knocked-out rare holo so I'm hoping for
is a bunch of legend cards those are the
better selling ones reverse wheezing
typhlosion rare those 25 minutes on this
video I'm starving reverse Professor
Oak's new theory and some floor or rare
maybe a dom fan a donphan Oh typhlosion
Prime awesome card very awesome card and
I got a rare Pichu so it's pretty cool i
like the typhlosion
I actually think I'd kept one of those I
don't collect much but sandshrew
sandslash mantain meant I 19 clefable
rare holo oh I'm Pharaoh's Prime and a
right you hollow very cool some reason
in this I and this series they replace
the reverse with the Prime instead of
the rare which i think in other series
it was always the rare that was I don't
know the exi think like exe Ruiz that's
fine alright switch sunflora Dunsparce
is how you say Persian who double
colorless energy this this sells very
well for some reason way better than any
other uncommon card so then oh I'm going
to hold this hot to the side here
chuckle and I'm Pharaohs
Pichu reverse which is also a rare my
ground ball over alligator very nice for
alligator I like the feraligatr these
prime is just done so a little Meganium
so they don't sell for a good price
lipsy fellow all right reverse into cool
and a Quagsire hollow let's just finish
this side Pikachu reverse on a cliff on
rare all right so that's a big john out